The presented paper discusses challenges in pest detection based on digital images using the 
ResNet-18 model. The authors discuss experiments to evaluate the variability of classification 
performance based on simulated environmental changes. This topic is relevant, given major 
challenges such as biodiversity loss. Furthermore, the importance of interdisciplinary research 
(in this case, data science and biology) will increase, and such studies will help accelerate the 
use of machine learning in life sciences. However, I found shortcomings in this study, which I 
summarize in the text below.

The introduction provides a good overview of why this work is important. However, the technical 
motivation is not clear. A clear motivation based on the theoretical aspects of ‘generalization’ 
(see [1,2]), as well as a clear statement including literature on challenges in ‘AI’ in 
agriculture, would have been necessary.

The methodology section should refer to the appendix for more details (there are important 
details in the appendix). Furthermore, dataset details (e.g., example images, how many disease-
related images are there?) are missing. The hypothesis concerning the learning rate, as well as 
augmentation to simulate real environmental variability, is not well motivated. I believe this 
harsh simulation of real-life dynamics should have been introduced in the abstract and 
introduction (it would still be an interesting study!). The motivation and derivation of the ERS 
are missing (is it an ad hoc approach?). The metric is prone to over/underestimating robustness 
due to unbalanced datasets (see the equation, and using the definition of accuracy, the size of 
the datasets influences the fraction). Based on the missing training/test/validation details 
above, it is unclear whether bias is introduced. Furthermore, I do not think that such studies 
must rely on the newest models. However, ResNet-18 is a rather old model, and no justification 
for selecting this model is given. A comparison to transformer-based architectures would have 
been interesting.

Finally, there are some language issues and BibTeX errors (see ‘?’). The figures should be 
updated to increase readability. Considering my discussion above, I think the results are still 
interesting. However, I do believe that the presentation must be adapted. I recommend a major 
revision, including a solid theoretical foundation, a presentation of the evaluation strategy 
using augmentation throughout the manuscript, and a comparison to recent deep learning models. 
Furthermore, I recommend switching from augmentation to real datasets or generative models. With 
these improvements, the impact of this study would be increased significantly.

[1] Wolpert, D.H. (2002). The Supervised Learning No-Free-Lunch Theorems. In: Soft Computing and 
Industry. Springer, London. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4471-0123-9_3 [2] Goldblum, M. et al. 
(2024). Position: The No Free Lunch Theorem, Kolmogorov Complexity, and the Role of Inductive 
Biases in Machine Learning. Proceedings of the 41st International Conference on Machine Learning

Rating: 4: Ok but not good enough - rejection
Award: No Award
Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is
correct