Summary: The authors propose a regularisation term to enhance compositional regularisation in
neural networks. The idea is to penalise large deviations between subsequent time steps of the
hidden state, thus “squeezing” the hidden state to encourage composition and preventing a
dominating representation. The authors test their approach on synthetic arithmetic expression
with varying operator complexity and length. They show that although the regularisation term 
appears to be working, it counterintuitively does not improve test accuracy. Furthermore, the 
authors identify a bottleneck regarding network capacity with increasing arithmetic operators.

Strengths:
I find the idea of regularising or squeezing the hidden representations to encourage
compositionally an interesting idea. The authors define a good baseline and ablate their method 
well against it, revealing why the regularisation term does not work as expected. I think the 
insight that operator complexity is a bottleneck for the neural network is important, as it
raises the question whether architectural changes might be more effective for compositionally 
than regularisation.

Weaknesses:
The paper would benefit from more intuition as to why the proposed regularisation term should 
encourage compositionality. This could be either an experiment or simply a visualisation for the
reader. Only one architecture (LSTM) was tested. It would be interesting to see if transformer 
architectures fare better with compositionality due to the attention mechanism.
I think the connection between compositional regularisation and operator complexity needs to be 
made more explicit. From reading the introduction both arguments seem a bit disconnected although 
I can infer the authors intentions.

Conclusion:
Overall, I would accept this paper to the workshop, since it proposes a simple and interesting 
idea with the authors providing ablations that encourage further analysis of the problem. As a 
suggestion I would encourage the authors to give more intuition on why the proposed
regularisation term should improve compositionality for the proposed network. I would suggest
either adding more related work to support the regularisation term or elaborating on the 
intuition behind penalising subsequent steps of the hidden state.

Rating: 7: Good paper, accept
Award: No Award
Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is
correct
