########## hf papers search: world action model ##########
id	title	summary	upvotes	published_at
2605.12090	World Action Models: The Next Frontier in Embodied AI	Vision-Language-Action (VLA) models have achieved strong semantic generalization for embodied policy learning, yet they learn reactive observation-to-action mappings without explicitly modeling how the physical world evolves under intervention. A growing body of work addresses this limitation by integrating world models, predictive models of environment dynamics, into the action generation pipeline. We term this emerging paradigm World Action Models (WAMs): embodied foundation models that unify predictive state modeling with action generation, targeting a joint distribution over future states and actions rather than actions alone. However, the literature remains fragmented across architectures, learning objectives, and application scenarios, lacking a unified conceptual framework. We formally define WAMs and disambiguate them from related concepts, and trace the foundations and early integration of VLA and world model research that gave rise to this paradigm. We organize existing methods into a structured taxonomy of Cascaded and Joint WAMs, with further subdivision by generation modality, conditioning mechanism, and action decoding strategy. We systematically analyze the data ecosystem fueling WAMs development, spanning robot teleoperation, portable human demonstrations, simulation, and internet-scale egocentric video, and synthesize emerging evaluation protocols organized around visual fidelity, physical commonsense, and action plausibility. Overall, this survey provides the first systematic account of the WAMs landscape, clarifies key architectural paradigms and their trade-offs, and identifies open challenges and future opportunities for this rapidly evolving field.	67	2026-05-12T00:00:00+00:00
2603.17240	GigaWorld-Policy: An Efficient Action-Centered World--Action Model	World-Action Models (WAM) initialized from pre-trained video generation backbones have demonstrated remarkable potential for robot policy learning. However, existing approaches face two critical bottlenecks that hinder performance and deployment. First, jointly reasoning over future visual dynamics and corresponding actions incurs substantial inference overhead. Second, joint modeling often entangles visual and motion representations, making motion prediction accuracy heavily dependent on the quality of future video forecasts. To address these issues, we introduce GigaWorld-Policy, an action-centered WAM that learns 2D pixel-action dynamics while enabling efficient action decoding, with optional video generation. Specifically, we formulate policy training into two coupled components: the model predicts future action sequences conditioned on the current observation, and simultaneously generates future videos conditioned on the predicted actions and the same observation. The policy is supervised by both action prediction and video generation, providing richer learning signals and encouraging physically plausible actions through visual-dynamics constraints. With a causal design that prevents future-video tokens from influencing action tokens, explicit future-video generation is optional at inference time, allowing faster action prediction during deployment. To support this paradigm, we curate a diverse, large-scale robot dataset to pre-train an action-centered video generation model, which is then adapted as the backbone for robot policy learning. Experimental results on real-world robotic platforms show that GigaWorld-Policy runs 9x faster than the leading WAM baseline, Motus, while improving task success rates by 7%. Moreover, compared with pi-0.5, GigaWorld-Policy improves performance by 95% on RoboTwin 2.0.	26	2026-03-18T00:52:02+00:00
2602.15922	World Action Models are Zero-shot Policies	State-of-the-art Vision-Language-Action (VLA) models excel at semantic generalization but struggle to generalize to unseen physical motions in novel environments. We introduce DreamZero, a World Action Model (WAM) built upon a pretrained video diffusion backbone. Unlike VLAs, WAMs learn physical dynamics by predicting future world states and actions, using video as a dense representation of how the world evolves. By jointly modeling video and action, DreamZero learns diverse skills effectively from heterogeneous robot data without relying on repetitive demonstrations. This results in over 2x improvement in generalization to new tasks and environments compared to state-of-the-art VLAs in real robot experiments. Crucially, through model and system optimizations, we enable a 14B autoregressive video diffusion model to perform real-time closed-loop control at 7Hz. Finally, we demonstrate two forms of cross-embodiment transfer: video-only demonstrations from other robots or humans yield a relative improvement of over 42% on unseen task performance with just 10-20 minutes of data. More surprisingly, DreamZero enables few-shot embodiment adaptation, transferring to a new embodiment with only 30 minutes of play data while retaining zero-shot generalization.	19	2026-02-17T15:04:02+00:00
2603.16666	Fast-WAM: Do World Action Models Need Test-time Future Imagination?	World Action Models (WAMs) have emerged as a promising alternative to Vision-Language-Action (VLA) models for embodied control because they explicitly model how visual observations may evolve under action. Most existing WAMs follow an imagine-then-execute paradigm, incurring substantial test-time latency from iterative video denoising, yet it remains unclear whether explicit future imagination is actually necessary for strong action performance. In this paper, we ask whether WAMs need explicit future imagination at test time, or whether their benefit comes primarily from video modeling during training. We disentangle the role of video modeling during training from explicit future generation during inference by proposing Fast-WAM, a WAM architecture that retains video co-training during training but skips future prediction at test time. We further instantiate several Fast-WAM variants to enable a controlled comparison of these two factors. Across these variants, we find that Fast-WAM remains competitive with imagine-then-execute variants, while removing video co-training causes a much larger performance drop. Empirically, Fast-WAM achieves competitive results with state-of-the-art methods both on simulation benchmarks (LIBERO and RoboTwin) and real-world tasks, without embodied pretraining. It runs in real time with 190ms latency, over 4times faster than existing imagine-then-execute WAMs. These results suggest that the main value of video prediction in WAMs may lie in improving world representations during training rather than generating future observations at test time. Project page: https://yuantianyuan01.github.io/FastWAM/	1	2026-03-17T15:33:43+00:00
2606.10040	Efficient-WAM: A 1B-Parameter World-Action Model with Low-Cost Future Imagination	World-Action Models (WAMs) have emerged as a promising paradigm for embodied control by coupling future visual prediction with action generation. However, most existing WAMs rely on photorealistic future prediction, which incurs high inference latency and makes real-time robot deployment difficult. This motivates a more efficient WAM design that preserves the control benefits of future visual prediction while reducing its inference cost. We introduce Efficient-WAM, a World-Action Model that reduces the cost of future imagination while preserving its control benefit. Efficient-WAM improves inference efficiency via a compact video expert transferred from WAN-2.2-5B, token-sparse video latents, and asymmetric video-action denoising that allocates fewer sampling steps to video than to actions. Instead of optimizing the future branch for visual fidelity, Efficient-WAM treats future video prediction as a compact guidance signal for action generation. Comprehensive experiments on RoboTwin 2.0 and real-world manipulation tasks show that Efficient-WAM maintains strong action performance despite visibly coarse future predictions. While maintaining competitive control capabilities, our 1B-parameter model can reduce per-chunk latency to around 100 ms during physical deployment, achieving a 30x speedup over existing WAMs.	None	2026-06-10T00:00:00+00:00
2606.08737	Dream-Tac: A Unified Tactile World Action Model for Contact-Rich Robot Manipulation	World action models inherit the predictive capability of world models, enabling action generation to be guided by anticipated future observations. However, they rely primarily on vision and often fail in contact-rich manipulation, where critical cues arise from physical interaction. In this paper, we propose Dream-Tac, a unified Tactile-World Action Model that jointly models actions, future visual observations, and tactile dynamics. Specifically, Dream-Tac introduces (i) contact-gated visuotactile fusion to selectively integrate tactile signals and (ii) a contact-aware attention bias to better regulate cross-modal interactions during manipulation. To support real-time deployment, we further design a dual-level acceleration strategy, reformulating the contact-aware bias to preserve the fused attention path during training and introducing cache-based diffusion acceleration at inference, achieving up to 2.9times faster training and 1.8times faster inference. Across six contact-rich manipulation tasks, Dream-Tac improves action accuracy by 31.7\% on average, demonstrating the effectiveness of unified visuotactile world modeling.Code is available at https://github.com/LYFCLOUDFAN/Dream-Tac.	None	2026-06-07T00:00:00+00:00
2605.06222	When to Trust Imagination: Adaptive Action Execution for World Action Models	World Action Models (WAMs) have recently emerged as a promising paradigm for robotic manipulation by jointly predicting future visual observations and future actions. However, current WAMs typically execute a fixed number of predicted actions after each model inference, leaving the robot blind to whether the imagined future remains consistent with the actual physical rollout. In this work, we formulate adaptive WAM execution as a future-reality verification problem: the robot should execute longer when the WAM-predicted future remains reliable, and replan earlier when reality deviates from imagination. To this end, we propose Future Forward Dynamics Causal Attention (FFDC), a lightweight verifier that jointly reasons over predicted future actions, predicted visual dynamics, real observations, and language instructions to estimate whether the remaining action rollout can still be trusted. FFDC enables adaptive action chunk sizes as an emergent consequence of prediction-observation consistency, preserving the efficiency of long-horizon execution while restoring responsiveness in contact-rich or difficult phases. We further introduce Mixture-of-Horizon Training to improve long-horizon trajectory coverage for adaptive execution. Experiments on the RoboTwin benchmark and in the real world demonstrate that our method achieves a strong robustness-efficiency trade-off: on RoboTwin, it reduces WAM forward passes by 69.10% and execution time by 34.02%, while improving success rate by 2.54% over the short-chunk baseline; in real-world experiments, it improves success rate by 35%.	44	2026-05-07T00:00:00+00:00
2606.09811	AHA-WAM:Asynchronous Horizon-Adaptive World-Action Modeling with Observation-Guided Context Routing	World-action models have emerged as a promising paradigm for robot manipulation, jointly modeling visual scene dynamics and actions to inject physical priors into policy learning. However, existing world-action models couple world prediction and action execution at the same temporal resolution, forcing the world branch to model near-term frame variations that are redundant and weakly informative. We posit that strictly binding world prediction and action execution to the same temporal rhythm may underutilize the potential of the video branch for embodied control. Therefore, we propose AHA-WAM, an Asynchronous Horizon-Adaptive World-Action Model built on a dual Diffusion Transformer (DiT) architecture that reorganizes world-action modeling around this temporal asymmetry. AHA-WAM instantiates the video DiT as a low-frequency world planner that maintains rolling key-value memory over past observations and exposes reusable layerwise latent context encoding long-horizon scene evolution, while a high-frequency action DiT executes short action chunks in closed loop by querying this context through layerwise joint attention. To support asynchronous execution, we introduce horizon-adaptive offset training and Observation-Guided Video-Context Routing (OVCR), which together let the action expert exploit long-horizon world context while remaining responsive to real-time execution state without rerunning the video DiT. Experiments on RoboTwin and real-world manipulation tasks show that AHA-WAM achieves state-of-the-art performance without any robot-data pretraining, attaining 92.80% average success on RoboTwin and 78.3% success across 4 real-world tasks, while reaching 24.17 Hz closed-loop control with a 4.59x speedup over Fast-WAM.	14	2026-06-08T00:00:00+00:00
2606.05254	Flash-WAM: Modality-Aware Distillation for World Action Models	World-action models (WAMs) jointly generate future video and robot actions through iterative diffusion, achieving strong performance on manipulation benchmarks but requiring tens of denoising steps, a cost that precludes real-time control. Step distillation has emerged as the natural remedy, but off-the-shelf methods break down in the joint video-action setting because video and action streams use different SNR-shifted noise schedules and reach training with substantially different marginal noise distributions, an asymmetry that single-modality distillation methods cannot accommodate. We introduce Flash-WAM, a modality-aware step-distillation framework inspired by consistency distillation that selects the consistency function for each modality to match its noise regime: a linear-gradient-scaling parametrization for the action stream's low-noise regime, paired with a variance-preserving parametrization for the video stream's high-noise regime, grounded in a structural analysis of the consistency-function family that characterizes the achievable gradient scaling under the consistency boundary condition. Instantiated on LingBot-VA, Flash-WAM compresses inference to a single step in each modality. On RoboTwin 2.0, this reduces per-chunk latency from 8.1 seconds to 348 ms on NVIDIA L40S, a 23{times} speedup that enables real-time inference. Flash-WAM preserves task success on simulation benchmarks (85.5% RoboTwin 2.0, 95.7% LIBERO) and substantially recovers real-world performance (60% average on a Unitree G1 humanoid robot), while naive consistency distillation drops to 24% at the same step budget.	7	2026-06-03T00:00:00+00:00
2603.22078	Do World Action Models Generalize Better than VLAs? A Robustness Study	Robot action planning in the real world is challenging as it requires not only understanding the current state of the environment but also predicting how it will evolve in response to actions. Vision-language-action (VLA), which repurpose large-scale vision-language models for robot action generation using action experts, have achieved notable success across a variety of robotic tasks. Nevertheless, their performance remains constrained by the scope of their training data, exhibiting limited generalization to unseen scenarios and vulnerability to diverse contextual perturbations. More recently, world models have been revisited as an alternative to VLAs. These models, referred to as world action models (WAMs), are built upon world models that are trained on large corpora of video data to predict future states. With minor adaptations, their latent representation can be decoded into robot actions. It has been suggested that their explicit dynamic prediction capacity, combined with spatiotemporal priors acquired from web-scale video pretraining, enables WAMs to generalize more effectively than VLAs. In this paper, we conduct a comparative study of prominent state-of-the-art VLA policies and recently released WAMs. We evaluate their performance on the LIBERO-Plus and RoboTwin 2.0-Plus benchmarks under various visual and language perturbations. Our results show that WAMs achieve strong robustness, with LingBot-VA reaching 74.2% success rate on RoboTwin 2.0-Plus and Cosmos-Policy achieving 82.2% on LIBERO-Plus. While VLAs such as π_{0.5} can achieve comparable robustness on certain tasks, they typically require extensive training with diverse robotic datasets and varied learning objectives. Hybrid approaches that partially incorporate video-based dynamic learning exhibit intermediate robustness, highlighting the importance of how video priors are integrated.	7	2026-04-01T00:00:00+00:00
2605.07794	NoiseGate: Learning Per-Latent Timestep Schedules as Information Gating in World Action Models	World Action Models (WAMs) are an emerging family of policies that tie robot action generation to future-observation modeling. In this work, we focus on the joint video--action modeling paradigm, where actions and imagined future observations are co-generated along a shared denoising or flow trajectory, so that perception, prediction, and control are coupled within one generative process. Existing WAMs typically realize this paradigm with a Mixture-of-Transformers (MoT), where video and action tokens interact through shared self-attention. This architecture can in principle assign a separate timestep t_f to each predicted latent frame, yet current systems collapse this degree of freedom onto a single shared scalar t. Under the noise-as-masking view of Diffusion Forcing, this shared schedule imposes the unjustified prior that every predicted latent is equally reliable for action generation. We instead view the per-latent schedule as a learnable information-gating policy: by changing a latent frame's noise level, the policy modulates the reliability of its Key/Value contribution to the action tokens. We propose NoiseGate, which combines independent per-latent timestep sampling during backbone training, a lightweight Gating Policy Network that emits per-latent time increments during denoising, and task-reward optimization that trains the schedule policy without hand-crafted shape priors. Built on a joint video--action MoT backbone, NoiseGate delivers consistent gains on diverse RoboTwin random-scene manipulation tasks.	1	2026-05-08T00:00:00+00:00
2604.25859	Privileged Foresight Distillation: Zero-Cost Future Correction for World Action Models	World action models jointly predict future video and action during training, raising an open question about what role the future-prediction branch actually plays. A recent finding shows that this branch can be removed at inference with little to no loss on common manipulation benchmarks, suggesting that future information may act merely as a regularizer on the shared visual backbone. We propose instead that joint training induces an action-conditioned correction that privileged future observations impose on action denoising, and that current-only policies capture this correction only partially. Making the account precise, we formulate privileged foresight as a residual in the action-denoising direction -- the difference between what a model predicts given the true future and what it predicts given only the current frame -- and introduce Privileged Foresight Distillation (PFD), which transfers this residual from a training-time teacher into a small adapter on a current-only student. The teacher and student share the same backbone and differ only in the attention mask over video tokens; future video is never generated at inference. Controlled experiments verify that this gain reflects a genuine future-conditioned correction rather than a side effect of capacity or regularization. Empirically, PFD achieves consistent improvements on LIBERO and RoboTwin manipulation benchmarks while preserving the current-only inference interface at negligible added latency. This view reframes the role of future information in world action models: not as a target to predict, nor as a regularizer to absorb, but as a compressible correction to be distilled.	None	2026-05-02T00:00:00+00:00
########## hf papers search: Minecraft agent ##########
id	title	summary	upvotes	published_at
2502.19902	Optimus-2: Multimodal Minecraft Agent with Goal-Observation-Action Conditioned Policy	Building an agent that can mimic human behavior patterns to accomplish various open-world tasks is a long-term goal. To enable agents to effectively learn behavioral patterns across diverse tasks, a key challenge lies in modeling the intricate relationships among observations, actions, and language. To this end, we propose Optimus-2, a novel Minecraft agent that incorporates a Multimodal Large Language Model (MLLM) for high-level planning, alongside a Goal-Observation-Action Conditioned Policy (GOAP) for low-level control. GOAP contains (1) an Action-guided Behavior Encoder that models causal relationships between observations and actions at each timestep, then dynamically interacts with the historical observation-action sequence, consolidating it into fixed-length behavior tokens, and (2) an MLLM that aligns behavior tokens with open-ended language instructions to predict actions auto-regressively. Moreover, we introduce a high-quality Minecraft Goal-Observation-Action (MGOA)} dataset, which contains 25,000 videos across 8 atomic tasks, providing about 30M goal-observation-action pairs. The automated construction method, along with the MGOA dataset, can contribute to the community's efforts to train Minecraft agents. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that Optimus-2 exhibits superior performance across atomic tasks, long-horizon tasks, and open-ended instruction tasks in Minecraft. Please see the project page at https://cybertronagent.github.io/Optimus-2.github.io/.	1	2025-02-27T09:18:04+00:00
2310.08367	MCU: A Task-centric Framework for Open-ended Agent Evaluation in Minecraft	To pursue the goal of creating an open-ended agent in Minecraft, an open-ended game environment with unlimited possibilities, this paper introduces a task-centric framework named MCU for Minecraft agent evaluation. The MCU framework leverages the concept of atom tasks as fundamental building blocks, enabling the generation of diverse or even arbitrary tasks. Within the MCU framework, each task is measured with six distinct difficulty scores (time consumption, operational effort, planning complexity, intricacy, creativity, novelty). These scores offer a multi-dimensional assessment of a task from different angles, and thus can reveal an agent's capability on specific facets. The difficulty scores also serve as the feature of each task, which creates a meaningful task space and unveils the relationship between tasks. For efficient evaluation of Minecraft agents employing the MCU framework, we maintain a unified benchmark, namely SkillForge, which comprises representative tasks with diverse categories and difficulty distribution. We also provide convenient filters for users to select tasks to assess specific capabilities of agents. We show that MCU has the high expressivity to cover all tasks used in recent literature on Minecraft agent, and underscores the need for advancements in areas such as creativity, precise control, and out-of-distribution generalization under the goal of open-ended Minecraft agent development.	1	2023-10-12T14:38:25+00:00
2506.10357	Optimus-3: Towards Generalist Multimodal Minecraft Agents with Scalable Task Experts	Recently, agents based on multimodal large language models (MLLMs) have achieved remarkable progress across various domains. However, building a generalist agent with capabilities such as perception, planning, action, grounding, and reflection in open-world environments like Minecraft remains challenges: insufficient domain-specific data, interference among heterogeneous tasks, and visual diversity in open-world settings. In this paper, we address these challenges through three key contributions. 1) We propose a knowledge-enhanced data generation pipeline to provide scalable and high-quality training data for agent development. 2) To mitigate interference among heterogeneous tasks, we introduce a Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) architecture with task-level routing. 3) We develop a Multimodal Reasoning-Augmented Reinforcement Learning approach to enhance the agent's reasoning ability for visual diversity in Minecraft. Built upon these innovations, we present Optimus-3, a general-purpose agent for Minecraft. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that Optimus-3 surpasses both generalist multimodal large language models and existing state-of-the-art agents across a wide range of tasks in the Minecraft environment. Project page: https://cybertronagent.github.io/Optimus-3.github.io/	21	2025-06-12T05:29:40+00:00
2601.05215	MineNPC-Task: Task Suite for Memory-Aware Minecraft Agents	We present MineNPC-Task, a user-authored benchmark and evaluation harness for testing memory-aware, mixed-initiative LLM agents in open-world Minecraft. Rather than relying on synthetic prompts, tasks are elicited through formative and summative co-play with expert players, then normalized into parametric templates with explicit preconditions and dependency structure. These tasks are paired with machine-checkable validators under a bounded-knowledge policy that forbids out-of-world shortcuts. The harness captures plan, action, and memory events, including plan previews, targeted clarifications, memory reads and writes, precondition checks, and repair attempts, and reports outcomes relative to the total number of attempted subtasks using only in-world evidence. As an initial snapshot, we instantiate the framework with GPT-4o and evaluate 216 subtasks across 8 experienced players. We observe recurring breakdown patterns in code execution, inventory and tool handling, referencing, and navigation, alongside successful recoveries supported by mixed-initiative clarifications and lightweight memory use. Participants rated interaction quality and interface usability positively, while noting the need for stronger memory persistence across tasks. We release the complete task suite, validators, logs, and evaluation harness to support transparent and reproducible evaluation of future memory-aware embodied agents.	None	2026-01-09T00:00:00+00:00
2502.14848	GATE: Graph-based Adaptive Tool Evolution Across Diverse Tasks	Large Language Models (LLMs) have shown great promise in tool-making, yet existing frameworks often struggle to efficiently construct reliable toolsets and are limited to single-task settings. To address these challenges, we propose GATE (Graph-based Adaptive Tool Evolution), an adaptive framework that dynamically constructs and evolves a hierarchical graph of reusable tools across multiple scenarios. We evaluate GATE on open-ended tasks (Minecraft), agent-based tasks (TextCraft, DABench), and code generation tasks (MATH, Date, TabMWP). Our results show that GATE achieves up to 4.3x faster milestone completion in Minecraft compared to the previous SOTA, and provides an average improvement of 9.23% over existing tool-making methods in code generation tasks and 10.03% in agent tasks. GATE demonstrates the power of adaptive evolution, balancing tool quantity, complexity, and functionality while maintaining high efficiency. Code and data are available at https://github.com/ayanami2003/GATE.	1	2025-02-20T18:56:03+00:00
2306.09082	Behavioral Cloning via Search in Embedded Demonstration Dataset	Behavioural cloning uses a dataset of demonstrations to learn a behavioural policy. To overcome various learning and policy adaptation problems, we propose to use latent space to index a demonstration dataset, instantly access similar relevant experiences, and copy behavior from these situations. Actions from a selected similar situation can be performed by the agent until representations of the agent's current situation and the selected experience diverge in the latent space. Thus, we formulate our control problem as a search problem over a dataset of experts' demonstrations. We test our approach on BASALT MineRL-dataset in the latent representation of a Video PreTraining model. We compare our model to state-of-the-art Minecraft agents. Our approach can effectively recover meaningful demonstrations and show human-like behavior of an agent in the Minecraft environment in a wide variety of scenarios. Experimental results reveal that performance of our search-based approach is comparable to trained models, while allowing zero-shot task adaptation by changing the demonstration examples.	None	2023-06-15T12:25:41+00:00
2305.17144	Ghost in the Minecraft: Generally Capable Agents for Open-World Enviroments via Large Language Models with Text-based Knowledge and Memory	The captivating realm of Minecraft has attracted substantial research interest in recent years, serving as a rich platform for developing intelligent agents capable of functioning in open-world environments. However, the current research landscape predominantly focuses on specific objectives, such as the popular "ObtainDiamond" task, and has not yet shown effective generalization to a broader spectrum of tasks. Furthermore, the current leading success rate for the "ObtainDiamond" task stands at around 20%, highlighting the limitations of Reinforcement Learning (RL) based controllers used in existing methods. To tackle these challenges, we introduce Ghost in the Minecraft (GITM), a novel framework integrates Large Language Models (LLMs) with text-based knowledge and memory, aiming to create Generally Capable Agents (GCAs) in Minecraft. These agents, equipped with the logic and common sense capabilities of LLMs, can skillfully navigate complex, sparse-reward environments with text-based interactions. We develop a set of structured actions and leverage LLMs to generate action plans for the agents to execute. The resulting LLM-based agent markedly surpasses previous methods, achieving a remarkable improvement of +47.5% in success rate on the "ObtainDiamond" task, demonstrating superior robustness compared to traditional RL-based controllers. Notably, our agent is the first to procure all items in the Minecraft Overworld technology tree, demonstrating its extensive capabilities. GITM does not need any GPU for training, but a single CPU node with 32 CPU cores is enough. This research shows the potential of LLMs in developing capable agents for handling long-horizon, complex tasks and adapting to uncertainties in open-world environments. See the project website at https://github.com/OpenGVLab/GITM.	4	2023-05-25T17:59:49+00:00
2604.05533	Experience Transfer for Multimodal LLM Agents in Minecraft Game	Multimodal LLM agents operating in complex game environments must continually reuse past experience to solve new tasks efficiently. In this work, we propose Echo, a transfer-oriented memory framework that enables agents to derive actionable knowledge from prior interactions rather than treating memory as a passive repository of static records. To make transfer explicit, Echo decomposes reusable knowledge into five dimensions: structure, attribute, process, function, and interaction. This formulation allows the agent to identify recurring patterns shared across different tasks and infer what prior experience remains applicable in new situations. Building on this formulation, Echo leverages In-Context Analogy Learning (ICAL) to retrieve relevant experiences and adapt them to unseen tasks through contextual examples. Experiments in Minecraft show that, under a from-scratch learning setting, Echo achieves a 1.3x to 1.7x speed-up on object-unlocking tasks. Moreover, Echo exhibits a burst-like chain-unlocking phenomenon, rapidly unlocking multiple similar items within a short time interval after acquiring transferable experience. These results suggest that experience transfer is a promising direction for improving the efficiency and adaptability of multimodal LLM agents in complex interactive environments.	16	2026-04-07T00:00:00+00:00
2605.27762	PEAM: Parametric Embodied Agent Memory through Contrastive Internalization of Experience in Minecraft	We present PEAM, a Parametric Embodied Agent Memory framework in Minecraft that transforms agent memory from inference-time retrieval into parameter-resident skills internalized through experience. PEAM pairs a slow deliberative LLM for open-ended reasoning with a fast parametric module for reflexive execution of consolidated skills. The fast module is a multimodal Mixture-of-Experts LoRA architecture with per-category physically isolated adapters, enabling parameter-level continual learning without catastrophic forgetting. We treat failure as a first-class training signal: failure--correction trajectory pairs are internalized through a joint behavioral-cloning and contrastive objective, so the agent learns not only what succeeds but also how corrected actions differ from failed ones. To govern consolidation, PEAM introduces a parameterization-worthiness score for deciding which experience should be internalized, and a scale-free self-triggered consolidation mechanism for deciding when to internalize without task-specific hand-tuned thresholds, making the agent self-evolving as the trigger transfers across task distributions without re-tuning. Experiments in Minecraft show that PEAM improves long-horizon task performance, mitigates forgetting on previously consolidated skills, and improves parametric-versus-retrieval efficiency over retrieval-based embodied agents and parametric memory variants.	7	2026-05-26T00:00:00+00:00
2605.30931	MineExplorer: Evaluating Open-World Exploration of MLLM Agents in Minecraft	Multimodal large language models (MLLMs) have shown strong capabilities in perception, reasoning, and action generation. However, their ability to sustain exploration in dynamic open worlds remains unclear. Existing embodied and game-based benchmarks often compress interaction into short-horizon tasks or entangle success with domain-specific game mechanics. In this paper, we introduce MineExplorer benchmark for evaluating open-world exploration capabilities of MLLM agents in Minecraft. We first filter atomic tasks whose solutions rely heavily on Minecraft-specific knowledge to better reflect general open-world reasoning. Then we organize the benchmark around a ReAct-style capability formulation and compose atomic tasks into implicit multi-hop tasks. To further construct reliable instances, MineExplorer uses a multi-agent synthesis workflow that jointly designs task graphs, sandbox scenes, and rule-based milestone evaluators. Human evaluation shows that the multi-agent synthesis workflow produces significantly more reliable instances than a single-agent baseline. Experiments with advanced MLLM agents show that open-world exploration remains challenging, as strong models can handle many single-hop tasks but degrade sharply when hidden prerequisites must be coordinated over longer trajectories. Further analysis finds that task difficulty tracks agent completion, and larger models or thinking modes do not consistently translate into better performance. Code and dataset are available at https://github.com/Jometeorie/MineExplorer.	11	2026-05-29T00:00:00+00:00
2305.16291	Voyager: An Open-Ended Embodied Agent with Large Language Models	We introduce Voyager, the first LLM-powered embodied lifelong learning agent in Minecraft that continuously explores the world, acquires diverse skills, and makes novel discoveries without human intervention. Voyager consists of three key components: 1) an automatic curriculum that maximizes exploration, 2) an ever-growing skill library of executable code for storing and retrieving complex behaviors, and 3) a new iterative prompting mechanism that incorporates environment feedback, execution errors, and self-verification for program improvement. Voyager interacts with GPT-4 via blackbox queries, which bypasses the need for model parameter fine-tuning. The skills developed by Voyager are temporally extended, interpretable, and compositional, which compounds the agent's abilities rapidly and alleviates catastrophic forgetting. Empirically, Voyager shows strong in-context lifelong learning capability and exhibits exceptional proficiency in playing Minecraft. It obtains 3.3x more unique items, travels 2.3x longer distances, and unlocks key tech tree milestones up to 15.3x faster than prior SOTA. Voyager is able to utilize the learned skill library in a new Minecraft world to solve novel tasks from scratch, while other techniques struggle to generalize. We open-source our full codebase and prompts at https://voyager.minedojo.org/.	13	2023-05-25T17:46:38+00:00
2311.15209	See and Think: Embodied Agent in Virtual Environment	Large language models (LLMs) have achieved impressive progress on several open-world tasks. Recently, using LLMs to build embodied agents has been a hotspot. In this paper, we propose STEVE, a comprehensive and visionary embodied agent in the Minecraft virtual environment. STEVE consists of three key components: vision perception, language instruction, and code action. Vision perception involves the interpretation of visual information in the environment, which is then integrated into the LLMs component with agent state and task instruction. Language instruction is responsible for iterative reasoning and decomposing complex tasks into manageable guidelines. Code action generates executable skill actions based on retrieval in skill database, enabling the agent to interact effectively within the Minecraft environment. We also collect STEVE-21K dataset, which includes 600+ vision-environment pairs, 20K knowledge question-answering pairs, and 200+ skill-code pairs. We conduct continuous block search, knowledge question and answering, and tech tree mastery to evaluate the performance. Extensive experiments show that STEVE achieves at most 1.5 times faster unlocking key tech trees and 2.5 times quicker in block search tasks compared to previous state-of-the-art methods.	3	2023-11-26T06:38:16+00:00
2410.22194	ADAM: An Embodied Causal Agent in Open-World Environments	In open-world environments like Minecraft, existing agents face challenges in continuously learning structured knowledge, particularly causality. These challenges stem from the opacity inherent in black-box models and an excessive reliance on prior knowledge during training, which impair their interpretability and generalization capability. To this end, we introduce ADAM, An emboDied causal Agent in Minecraft, that can autonomously navigate the open world, perceive multimodal contexts, learn causal world knowledge, and tackle complex tasks through lifelong learning. ADAM is empowered by four key components: 1) an interaction module, enabling the agent to execute actions while documenting the interaction processes; 2) a causal model module, tasked with constructing an ever-growing causal graph from scratch, which enhances interpretability and diminishes reliance on prior knowledge; 3) a controller module, comprising a planner, an actor, and a memory pool, which uses the learned causal graph to accomplish tasks; 4) a perception module, powered by multimodal large language models, which enables ADAM to perceive like a human player. Extensive experiments show that ADAM constructs an almost perfect causal graph from scratch, enabling efficient task decomposition and execution with strong interpretability. Notably, in our modified Minecraft games where no prior knowledge is available, ADAM maintains its performance and shows remarkable robustness and generalization capability. ADAM pioneers a novel paradigm that integrates causal methods and embodied agents in a synergistic manner. Our project page is at https://opencausalab.github.io/ADAM.	2	2024-10-29T16:32:01+00:00
2311.05997	JARVIS-1: Open-World Multi-task Agents with Memory-Augmented Multimodal Language Models	Achieving human-like planning and control with multimodal observations in an open world is a key milestone for more functional generalist agents. Existing approaches can handle certain long-horizon tasks in an open world. However, they still struggle when the number of open-world tasks could potentially be infinite and lack the capability to progressively enhance task completion as game time progresses. We introduce JARVIS-1, an open-world agent that can perceive multimodal input (visual observations and human instructions), generate sophisticated plans, and perform embodied control, all within the popular yet challenging open-world Minecraft universe. Specifically, we develop JARVIS-1 on top of pre-trained multimodal language models, which map visual observations and textual instructions to plans. The plans will be ultimately dispatched to the goal-conditioned controllers. We outfit JARVIS-1 with a multimodal memory, which facilitates planning using both pre-trained knowledge and its actual game survival experiences. In our experiments, JARVIS-1 exhibits nearly perfect performances across over 200 varying tasks from the Minecraft Universe Benchmark, ranging from entry to intermediate levels. JARVIS-1 has achieved a completion rate of 12.5% in the long-horizon diamond pickaxe task. This represents a significant increase up to 5 times compared to previous records. Furthermore, we show that JARVIS-1 is able to self-improve following a life-long learning paradigm thanks to multimodal memory, sparking a more general intelligence and improved autonomy. The project page is available at https://craftjarvis-jarvis1.github.io.	37	2023-11-10T11:17:58+00:00
2507.23698	Scalable Multi-Task Reinforcement Learning for Generalizable Spatial Intelligence in Visuomotor Agents	While Reinforcement Learning (RL) has achieved remarkable success in language modeling, its triumph hasn't yet fully translated to visuomotor agents. A primary challenge in RL models is their tendency to overfit specific tasks or environments, thereby hindering the acquisition of generalizable behaviors across diverse settings. This paper provides a preliminary answer to this challenge by demonstrating that RL-finetuned visuomotor agents in Minecraft can achieve zero-shot generalization to unseen worlds. Specifically, we explore RL's potential to enhance generalizable spatial reasoning and interaction capabilities in 3D worlds. To address challenges in multi-task RL representation, we analyze and establish cross-view goal specification as a unified multi-task goal space for visuomotor policies. Furthermore, to overcome the significant bottleneck of manual task design, we propose automated task synthesis within the highly customizable Minecraft environment for large-scale multi-task RL training, and we construct an efficient distributed RL framework to support this. Experimental results show RL significantly boosts interaction success rates by 4times and enables zero-shot generalization of spatial reasoning across diverse environments, including real-world settings. Our findings underscore the immense potential of RL training in 3D simulated environments, especially those amenable to large-scale task generation, for significantly advancing visuomotor agents' spatial reasoning.	11	2025-07-31T16:20:02+00:00
########## hf papers search: action-conditioned world model game ##########
id	title	summary	upvotes	published_at
2508.13009	Matrix-Game 2.0: An Open-Source, Real-Time, and Streaming Interactive World Model	Recent advances in interactive video generations have demonstrated diffusion model's potential as world models by capturing complex physical dynamics and interactive behaviors. However, existing interactive world models depend on bidirectional attention and lengthy inference steps, severely limiting real-time performance. Consequently, they are hard to simulate real-world dynamics, where outcomes must update instantaneously based on historical context and current actions. To address this, we present Matrix-Game 2.0, an interactive world model generates long videos on-the-fly via few-step auto-regressive diffusion. Our framework consists of three key components: (1) A scalable data production pipeline for Unreal Engine and GTA5 environments to effectively produce massive amounts (about 1200 hours) of video data with diverse interaction annotations; (2) An action injection module that enables frame-level mouse and keyboard inputs as interactive conditions; (3) A few-step distillation based on the casual architecture for real-time and streaming video generation. Matrix Game 2.0 can generate high-quality minute-level videos across diverse scenes at an ultra-fast speed of 25 FPS. We open-source our model weights and codebase to advance research in interactive world modeling.	26	2025-08-18T15:28:53+00:00
2604.18564	MultiWorld: Scalable Multi-Agent Multi-View Video World Models	Video world models have achieved remarkable success in simulating environmental dynamics in response to actions by users or agents. They are modeled as action-conditioned video generation models that take historical frames and current actions as input to predict future frames. Yet, most existing approaches are limited to single-agent scenarios and fail to capture the complex interactions inherent in real-world multi-agent systems. We present MultiWorld, a unified framework for multi-agent multi-view world modeling that enables accurate control of multiple agents while maintaining multi-view consistency. We introduce the Multi-Agent Condition Module to achieve precise multi-agent controllability, and the Global State Encoder to ensure coherent observations across different views. MultiWorld supports flexible scaling of agent and view counts, and synthesizes different views in parallel for high efficiency. Experiments on multi-player game environments and multi-robot manipulation tasks demonstrate that MultiWorld outperforms baselines in video fidelity, action-following ability, and multi-view consistency. Project page: https://multi-world.github.io/	46	2026-04-20T00:00:00+00:00
2602.22208	Solaris: Building a Multiplayer Video World Model in Minecraft	Existing action-conditioned video generation models (video world models) are limited to single-agent perspectives, failing to capture the multi-agent interactions of real-world environments. We introduce Solaris, a multiplayer video world model that simulates consistent multi-view observations. To enable this, we develop a multiplayer data system designed for robust, continuous, and automated data collection on video games such as Minecraft. Unlike prior platforms built for single-player settings, our system supports coordinated multi-agent interaction and synchronized videos + actions capture. Using this system, we collect 12.64 million multiplayer frames and propose an evaluation framework for multiplayer movement, memory, grounding, building, and view consistency. We train Solaris using a staged pipeline that progressively transitions from single-player to multiplayer modeling, combining bidirectional, causal, and Self Forcing training. In the final stage, we introduce Checkpointed Self Forcing, a memory-efficient Self Forcing variant that enables a longer-horizon teacher. Results show our architecture and training design outperform existing baselines. Through open-sourcing our system and models, we hope to lay the groundwork for a new generation of multi-agent world models.	31	2026-02-25T18:59:01+00:00
2603.09030	PlayWorld: Learning Robot World Models from Autonomous Play	Action-conditioned video models offer a promising path to building general-purpose robot simulators that can improve directly from data. Yet, despite training on large-scale robot datasets, current state-of-the-art video models still struggle to predict physically consistent robot-object interactions that are crucial in robotic manipulation. To close this gap, we present PlayWorld, a simple, scalable, and fully autonomous pipeline for training high-fidelity video world simulators from interaction experience. In contrast to prior approaches that rely on success-biased human demonstrations, PlayWorld is the first system capable of learning entirely from unsupervised robot self-play, enabling naturally scalable data collection while capturing complex, long-tailed physical interactions essential for modeling realistic object dynamics. Experiments across diverse manipulation tasks show that PlayWorld generates high-quality, physically consistent predictions for contact-rich interactions that are not captured by world models trained on human-collected data. We further demonstrate the versatility of PlayWorld in enabling fine-grained failure prediction and policy evaluation, with up to 40% improvements over human-collected data. Finally, we demonstrate how PlayWorld enables reinforcement learning in the world model, improving policy performance by 65% in success rates when deployed in the real world.	None	2026-04-06T00:00:00+00:00
2603.23497	WildWorld: A Large-Scale Dataset for Dynamic World Modeling with Actions and Explicit State toward Generative ARPG	Dynamical systems theory and reinforcement learning view world evolution as latent-state dynamics driven by actions, with visual observations providing partial information about the state. Recent video world models attempt to learn this action-conditioned dynamics from data. However, existing datasets rarely match the requirement: they typically lack diverse and semantically meaningful action spaces, and actions are directly tied to visual observations rather than mediated by underlying states. As a result, actions are often entangled with pixel-level changes, making it difficult for models to learn structured world dynamics and maintain consistent evolution over long horizons. In this paper, we propose WildWorld, a large-scale action-conditioned world modeling dataset with explicit state annotations, automatically collected from a photorealistic AAA action role-playing game (Monster Hunter: Wilds). WildWorld contains over 108 million frames and features more than 450 actions, including movement, attacks, and skill casting, together with synchronized per-frame annotations of character skeletons, world states, camera poses, and depth maps. We further derive WildBench to evaluate models through Action Following and State Alignment. Extensive experiments reveal persistent challenges in modeling semantically rich actions and maintaining long-horizon state consistency, highlighting the need for state-aware video generation. The project page is https://shandaai.github.io/wildworld-project/.	91	2026-03-24T17:58:25+00:00
2606.01027	τ_0-WM: A Unified Video-Action World Model for Robotic Manipulation	Robotic manipulation requires models that generate executable actions while anticipating and evaluating their future consequences before physical execution. We present τ_0-World Model (τ_0-WM), a unified video-action world model that integrates policy learning, video prediction, and action evaluation within a single future-predictive framework. Built on a shared video diffusion backbone, τ_0-WM provides two complementary interfaces. First, a video action model jointly predicts future visual latents and continuous action chunks from multi-view observations, language instructions, and robot state. Second, an action-conditioned video simulator rolls out candidate action chunks into multi-view futures and predicts dense task-progress scores. The model is trained on approximately 27{,}300 hours of real-robot teleoperation, UMI-style interaction, egocentric human videos, and rollout or failure trajectories using modality-specific supervision masks. At inference time, τ_0-WM uses test-time computation to sample action candidates, rank them with re-denoising consistency, and invoke simulator-based rectification for low-quality candidates. On challenging long-horizon and fine-grained robotic manipulation tasks, τ_0-WM shows superior performance over other relevant baselines.	None	2026-05-31T00:00:00+00:00
2502.07825	Pre-Trained Video Generative Models as World Simulators	Video generative models pre-trained on large-scale internet datasets have achieved remarkable success, excelling at producing realistic synthetic videos. However, they often generate clips based on static prompts (e.g., text or images), limiting their ability to model interactive and dynamic scenarios. In this paper, we propose Dynamic World Simulation (DWS), a novel approach to transform pre-trained video generative models into controllable world simulators capable of executing specified action trajectories. To achieve precise alignment between conditioned actions and generated visual changes, we introduce a lightweight, universal action-conditioned module that seamlessly integrates into any existing model. Instead of focusing on complex visual details, we demonstrate that consistent dynamic transition modeling is the key to building powerful world simulators. Building upon this insight, we further introduce a motion-reinforced loss that enhances action controllability by compelling the model to capture dynamic changes more effectively. Experiments demonstrate that DWS can be versatilely applied to both diffusion and autoregressive transformer models, achieving significant improvements in generating action-controllable, dynamically consistent videos across games and robotics domains. Moreover, to facilitate the applications of the learned world simulator in downstream tasks such as model-based reinforcement learning, we propose prioritized imagination to improve sample efficiency, demonstrating competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art methods.	None	2025-02-10T14:49:09+00:00
2603.25685	Persistent Robot World Models: Stabilizing Multi-Step Rollouts via Reinforcement Learning	Action-conditioned robot world models generate future video frames of the manipulated scene given a robot action sequence, offering a promising alternative for simulating tasks that are difficult to model with traditional physics engines. However, these models are optimized for short-term prediction and break down when deployed autoregressively: each predicted clip feeds back as context for the next, causing errors to compound and visual quality to rapidly degrade. We address this through the following contributions. First, we introduce a reinforcement learning (RL) post-training scheme that trains the world model on its own autoregressive rollouts rather than on ground-truth histories. We achieve this by adapting a recent contrastive RL objective for diffusion models to our setting and show that its convergence guarantees carry over exactly. Second, we design a training protocol that generates and compares multiple candidate variable-length futures from the same rollout state, reinforcing higher-fidelity predictions over lower-fidelity ones. Third, we develop efficient, multi-view visual fidelity rewards that combine complementary perceptual metrics across camera views and are aggregated at the clip level for dense, low-variance training signal. Fourth, we show that our approach establishes a new state-of-the-art for rollout fidelity on the DROID dataset, outperforming the strongest baseline on all metrics (e.g., LPIPS reduced by 14% on external cameras, SSIM improved by 9.1% on the wrist camera), winning 98% of paired comparisons, and achieving an 80% preference rate in a blind human study.	None	2026-03-26T17:36:08+00:00
2605.08567	ACWM-Phys: Investigating Generalized Physical Interaction in Action-Conditioned Video World Models	Action-conditioned world models (ACWMs) have shown strong promise for video prediction and decision-making. However, existing benchmarks are largely restricted to egocentric navigation or narrow, task-specific robotics datasets, offering only limited coverage of the rich physical interactions required for generalized world understanding. We introduce ACWM-Phys, a new benchmark for evaluating action-conditioned prediction under diverse physical dynamics in a clean, controllable simulation environment with a carefully designed action space. ACWM-Phys contains training and evaluation data spanning rigid-body dynamics, kinematics, deformable-object interactions, and particle dynamics. To evaluate both interpolation and generalization, we design in-distribution and out-of-distribution protocols with controlled shifts in interaction patterns or scene configurations. By building the benchmark in a fully controllable simulator, ACWM-Phys enables precise data collection, reproducible evaluation, and systematic analysis of model capabilities for physically grounded world modeling. Through systematic experiments on ACWM-DiT, we find that OoD generalization depends not only on the physical regime but also on effective task complexity: models generalize well on visually simple, low-dimensional interactions with clear geometric structure, but suffer larger drops on deformable contacts, high-dimensional control, and complex articulated motion. This suggests that the model still relies heavily on visual appearance patterns instead of fully learning the underlying physics. Ablations show that cross-attention improves high-dimensional action conditioning, causal VAEs outperform frame-wise encoders, and larger action spaces are harder to model but can improve generalization by providing richer control signals. These findings guide the design of physically grounded world models.	1	2026-05-09T00:00:00+00:00
2511.09057	PAN: A World Model for General, Interactable, and Long-Horizon World Simulation	A world model enables an intelligent agent to imagine, predict, and reason about how the world evolves in response to its actions, and accordingly to plan and strategize. While recent video generation models produce realistic visual sequences, they typically operate in the prompt-to-full-video manner without causal control, interactivity, or long-horizon consistency required for purposeful reasoning. Existing world modeling efforts, on the other hand, often focus on restricted domains (e.g., physical, game, or 3D-scene dynamics) with limited depth and controllability, and struggle to generalize across diverse environments and interaction formats. In this work, we introduce PAN, a general, interactable, and long-horizon world model that predicts future world states through high-quality video simulation conditioned on history and natural language actions. PAN employs the Generative Latent Prediction (GLP) architecture that combines an autoregressive latent dynamics backbone based on a large language model (LLM), which grounds simulation in extensive text-based knowledge and enables conditioning on language-specified actions, with a video diffusion decoder that reconstructs perceptually detailed and temporally coherent visual observations, to achieve a unification between latent space reasoning (imagination) and realizable world dynamics (reality). Trained on large-scale video-action pairs spanning diverse domains, PAN supports open-domain, action-conditioned simulation with coherent, long-term dynamics. Extensive experiments show that PAN achieves strong performance in action-conditioned world simulation, long-horizon forecasting, and simulative reasoning compared to other video generators and world models, taking a step towards general world models that enable predictive simulation of future world states for reasoning and acting.	82	2025-11-12T07:20:35+00:00
2410.12822	AVID: Adapting Video Diffusion Models to World Models	Large-scale generative models have achieved remarkable success in a number of domains. However, for sequential decision-making problems, such as robotics, action-labelled data is often scarce and therefore scaling-up foundation models for decision-making remains a challenge. A potential solution lies in leveraging widely-available unlabelled videos to train world models that simulate the consequences of actions. If the world model is accurate, it can be used to optimize decision-making in downstream tasks. Image-to-video diffusion models are already capable of generating highly realistic synthetic videos. However, these models are not action-conditioned, and the most powerful models are closed-source which means they cannot be finetuned. In this work, we propose to adapt pretrained video diffusion models to action-conditioned world models, without access to the parameters of the pretrained model. Our approach, AVID, trains an adapter on a small domain-specific dataset of action-labelled videos. AVID uses a learned mask to modify the intermediate outputs of the pretrained model and generate accurate action-conditioned videos. We evaluate AVID on video game and real-world robotics data, and show that it outperforms existing baselines for diffusion model adaptation.1 Our results demonstrate that if utilized correctly, pretrained video models have the potential to be powerful tools for embodied AI.	None	2024-10-01T13:48:31+00:00
2602.06508	World-VLA-Loop: Closed-Loop Learning of Video World Model and VLA Policy	Recent progress in robotic world models has leveraged video diffusion transformers to predict future observations conditioned on historical states and actions. While these models can simulate realistic visual outcomes, they often exhibit poor action-following precision, hindering their utility for downstream robotic learning. In this work, we introduce World-VLA-Loop, a closed-loop framework for the joint refinement of world models and Vision-Language-Action (VLA) policies. We propose a state-aware video world model that functions as a high-fidelity interactive simulator by jointly predicting future observations and reward signals. To enhance reliability, we introduce the SANS dataset, which incorporates near-success trajectories to improve action-outcome alignment within the world model. This framework enables a closed-loop for reinforcement learning (RL) post-training of VLA policies entirely within a virtual environment. Crucially, our approach facilitates a co-evolving cycle: failure rollouts generated by the VLA policy are iteratively fed back to refine the world model precision, which in turn enhances subsequent RL optimization. Evaluations across simulation and real-world tasks demonstrate that our framework significantly boosts VLA performance with minimal physical interaction, establishing a mutually beneficial relationship between world modeling and policy learning for general-purpose robotics. Project page: https://showlab.github.io/World-VLA-Loop/.	None	2026-02-06T08:57:55+00:00
