Summary
This paper studies deep learning methods in pest detection applications. It highlights the need 
for more research and attempts to perform first experiments in this area.

Results
The paper performs experiments on an image classifier, a ResNet-18 trained on ImageNet, fine-
tuned on the Crop Pest and Disease dataset. It uses various data augmentations to emulate the 
real-world conditions and further trains the model using "multi-dataset training". The model 
performance is measured in accuracy, loss, and Environmental Robustness Score (ERS). The first 
experiment investigates the effect tuning the learning rate has on training. The paper claims 
that a lower learning rate leads to a higher generalisation. The second experiment investigates 
the model's generalisation across different datasets. The paper claims that training the model on 
EuroSAT and CIFAR-10 datasets leads to better generalisation.

Strengths
The paper's background, motivation, and related work are well written. The motivation to study 
generalisation of deep learning methods in real-world agricultural applications is good.

Weaknesses
- The experiments are unmotivated and unclear.
- It is unclear how the choice of augmentation methods are related to "real-world environmental 
variability."
- The choice of ERS is unmotivated and no intuition on the score is given in the paper.
- The learning rate experiment conclusion that the model's generalization and robustness to real-
world setting seems misleading since only 5 learning rates are used and the models are only 
trained for 10 epochs. Furthermore, the model was not tested in a real-world deployment.
It is unclear what the paper means by "multi-dataset training" especially since the datasets have 
a different number of classes. Thus, the results of this experiment are unclear.
- The paper claims to have studied "deploying deep learning models for pest detection in real-
world agricultural settings", however, the paper does not test the trained model in a real-world 
setting. Thus, the paper's conclusions are misleading.

General Remarks
- In the introduction, the difference between "controlled environment" and "real-world 
agricultural settings" should be explained since the experiments are not performed in a real-
world deployment.
- Plots are small and difficult to read. Increasing the font size would help as well.
- In Figure 1, it would be helpful if the Train and Validation lines for the same learning rate 
were the same colour.
- In Figure 1, it is unclear whether the ERS scores are evaluated on the train or validation 
dataset.
- Unclear why the results in Figure 4 are pushed to the appendix and not combined with Figure 2 
similar to Figure 1.
- References to the datasets are missing, e.g., the Crop Pest and Disease dataset.

Concluding Remarks
Overall, the paper addresses an interesting real-world problem. However, the lack of detail in 
the experiment section limits the strength of the conclusions, as the experimental results are 
not sufficiently supported by evidence. In its current state, it is of the reviewer's opinion 
that the paper does not meet the standard for publication. The authors are encouraged to further 
develop this research and consider deploying the model in a real-world setting to strengthen the 
validity of their findings.

Rating: 3: Clear rejection
Award: No Award
Confidence: 4: The reviewer is confident but not absolutely certain that the evaluation is correct
